c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\le\Mastermind_GroupM.exe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\be\Mastermind_GroupM.exe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\le\Mastermind_GroupM.pdb
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\be\Mastermind_GroupM.pdb
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\Mastermind_GroupM.exe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\Mastermind_GroupM.pdb
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\le\Mastermind_GroupM.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\le\Mastermind_GroupM.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\be\Mastermind_GroupM.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\be\Mastermind_GroupM.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayTE35.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayTE35.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayTE35.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayTE35.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayTE35.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.dll
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdb
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.pdb
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Button.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayTE35.pdb
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayTE35.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.pdb
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Joystick.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.pdb
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.LEDStrip.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.pdb
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.xml
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\obj\Debug\Mastermind_GroupM.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\obj\Debug\Mastermind_GroupM.Resources.resources
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\obj\Debug\Mastermind_GroupM.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\obj\Debug\Mastermind_GroupM.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\obj\Debug\be\Mastermind_GroupM.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\obj\Debug\be\Mastermind_GroupM.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\obj\Debug\le\Mastermind_GroupM.pe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\obj\Debug\le\Mastermind_GroupM.pdbx
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\obj\Debug\Mastermind_GroupM.exe
c:\users\ieuser\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Mastermind_GroupM\Mastermind_GroupM\obj\Debug\Mastermind_GroupM.pdb
